Zhangye, before you became a demon with the help of Tiger Lord
Bullying our four major gangs, have you thought about supervising?
Bully you
When your son was bullying my daughter
Where are you?
What happened to bullying your daughter?
Didn't they succeed?
This little thing
You are crazy
make a fuss
Force me to kill my son
Who dares to bully my daughter?
I won't let any of them go.
I gave you a chance
I put you in the dark before
I didn't execute you first
Already forgiveness
And you are unrepentant
Torn Sun Xiaolong to kidnap my wife and daughter
you
deserve death
young master
Why be so grand
Exactly.
Ostensibly you are trying to vent your anger at your daughter
In fact, you are colluding with Wang Xiaowu
The plot is coming to the territory of our four major gangs
You are afraid of the strength of our four major gangs
Use your daughter as a toddler
Started a play with Wang Xiaohu
I hate it so much
I didn't see your conspiracy
everyone
They are corpses
make a fuss
Force me to kill my son
Destroy me collapse
Can you tolerate this kind of indulgence?
I can't wait to resist
Today of the four major gangs is your tomorrow
Killing Son
Destruction of the state
Do we really deserve to swallow it?
Can't bear